DateRangeBox: Add Getting Started with DateRangeBox guide (#5041)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DateRangeBox/00 Getting Started with DateRangeBox/20 Add  Labels.md

> If you want to define the start date and end date labels, you can use the [startDateLabel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#startDateLabel) and [endDateLabel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#endDateLabel) property. To enable floating labels, assign *"floating"* to the [labelMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#labelMode) property. In this case, labels display as placeholders, but when the editors get focus, the labels move to the position above the input field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to define start date and end date labels, use [startDateLabel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#startDateLabel) and [endDateLabel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#endDateLabel) properties. To enable floating labels, assign *"floating"* to the [labelMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#labelMode) property. In this mode, labels first appear as value placeholders. When editors obtain focus, labels move up and stay above their input fields.
```

        <DxDateRangeBox ...
            start-date-label="Start"
            end-date-label="End"
            label-mode="floating"
        />
    </template>

    <script>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { DxDateRangeBox } from 'devextreme-vue/date-range-box';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxDateRangeBox
        },
    }
    </script>

    <!-- tab: App.vue (Composition API) -->
    <template>
        <DxDateRangeBox ...
            start-date-label="Start"
            end-date-label="End"
            label-mode="floating"
        />
    </template>

    <script setup>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { DxDateRangeBox } from 'devextreme-vue/date-range-box';
    // ...
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';

    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { DateRangeBox } from 'devextreme-react/date-range-box';
 
    export default function App() { 
        return (
            <DateRangeBox ...
                startDateLabel="Start"
                endDateLabel="End"
                labelMode="floating"
            />
        );
    }

---

> In the next step, we will handle the values change event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step handles the value change event.
```
